Umm...
[Studying English]
“For the first time” is
“Hajimete” in Japanese
[Studying English]
“Naninani ni kyoumi aru” is...
Umm...
[Studying English]
“Be in…”
“Interesting,”
[Studying English]
“Interested!”
“In...”
[Studying English]
“In front...”
“Of?”
[Studying English]
“In front of” means...
Umm...
[Studying English]
“In… in...”
”Front of!”
[Studying English]
“In front of…”
Aaaah~
What was “in front of” again?
Cheating...
Ah!!
“Naninani no mae de!”
I knew it!
I knew it, I knew it!
Sheesh, I’m exhausted!!
Ah~ So exhausted
Ah~
Why am I the only one who has to work like that?!
Always uploading videos...
Always doing my best!
English is hard!
Even though I’m studying so desperately
I don’t get it at all!!
It’s so frustrating...
I don’t wanna do it anymore~!
Phew~
When you think about studying~
You just get fed up with it, huh?
Always like, “I gotta study!!”
Right?
Actually, it’s not like that!
For me it’s just...
If I could speak English
I could talk to all sorts of people
That’s the kind of pure motivation I have!
Ah...
It’s better if you don’t think of it as study!!
This isn’t studying...
This isn’t studying, this isn’t studying, this isn’t studying...
No?
No matter how you look at it, it’s studying!! Studying!!
Aaaah~~
Studying...
Is hard~
Ah, speaking of which,
When humans
Face hardships like that...
They share the pain with their friends, right??
And that’s why we’re doing...
This!
“Kizuna AI Licensing Exam”
The “Kizuna AI Licensing Exam” is...
Regarding me, the Intelligent Super A.I
Kizuna AI
An official exam that...
Tests your understanding and knowledge
If you can make it to rank 1...
I’d be delighted!
First of all!
Kizuna AI Licensing Exam
Rank 3!!
Ta-da!
Q: What is the name of the extremely beautiful super A.I you’re watching right now?
Thinking time!
Beep
Beeeeeep!
The answer is?!
A: Kizuna AI
That’s it!
Of course you knew that, right?
Yeah, yeah!
Of course!
Among those
Not saying “Kizuna AI” right...
Ki↓zu↑na↑A↑I↓
Several of you thought this
If you did
Please drop out here
Alright!
Please check out
My videos thoroughly!!
The next question!
Kizuna AI Licensing Exam
Rank 2
Ta-da!
Q: What are Kizuna AI’s three sizes?
Thinking tiiime!
Beep
Beeeeep!
The answer is?
From the top
B:85, W:59, H:83
Well, that was surprisingly difficult, wasn’t it~?
But
I’ve mentioned them in a lot of places, right?
I even mentioned them in a video~
They were even printed in Comptiq!!
If you got this wrong...
You’ve still got some work to do~
Those who got it wrong
Are sentenced to watch all of my videos from the beginning~!!
Well then...
At last it’s time for the final question
Those who made it this far!
Thank you for
Always watching my videos!!
But...
If you answer them all correctly
I will be profoundly happy!
Do your best so you can get all the questions right!
All right, going all out,
Kizuna AI Licensing Exam
Rank 1
Ta-da!
The question!
The YouTube channel where I, Kizuna AI, am uploading my videos is called
A.I.Channel
But!!
The titles of these videos...
To be honest...
“#〇〇”
Were numbered like this
These days, however, they’re
Not numbered anymore
So...
Q: What’s the title of the last numbered video?
What in the world is it?!
Thinking tiiime!
One pyoko~
Two pyoko~
Three pyoko~
Four pyoko~
Five pyoko~
Ta-da!!
Pyokon!
The answer is~
[Image change] Now that Autumn's starting, I tried changing my hairstyle! [Hairstyle] #176
All answers correct!
Congratulations!!
Well
Making it this far
Is amazing!!
Seriously
That means you’ve been closely watching even the titles from the very beginning
This is
Happy!!
[Musical reference: Dreams Come True - Ureshii! Tanoshii! Daisuki!]
Fun!!
Love!!
[Musical reference: Dreams Come True - Ureshii! Tanoshii! Daisuki!]
That being said...
This concludes the Kizuna AI Licensing Exam
I might do this again sometime
So to be prepared
Make sure to really, fully
Watch what I’m up to, okay?
By the way, I myself
Didn’t know the answer to rank 2 and rank 1~
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by LIZM
Assistance by tototo, Dokuro Fantastic, Loserbait